Drow:
黑暗精灵:

    Drows are evil creatures once lived above ground and were part of the
    elven community until they were driven underground for their evilness.
    Now they dwelled in black caves and winding tunnels under the earth.
    Few drows can be see above ground and in that rare occasion, usually
    at night time.

    曾经也是居住在地面上的黑暗精灵, 因为他们邪恶的天性而被其它的精灵族放逐
    到地面下. 现在他们多数住在地底下黑暗的洞穴或隧道中, 建立了他们自己的邪
    恶世界. 黑暗精灵很少出现在地面上, 就算有, 也是在晚上.

    They have black skin and pale, usually white hair. They are shorter and
    slender than humans. A typical drow weigh about 50kg and seldom reached
    more than 160cm in height.

    黑暗精灵通常有著黑色到深紫色的皮肤，以及一头银白色的头发。 他们跟人类比
    起来显得比较矮小。普通的黑暗精灵体重约在 50 公斤左右, 身高很少会超过 160
    公分。

    Drow live in magnificently dark, gloomy cities in the underworld where
    they construct their building out of stone and minerals, carved into
    weird, fantastic shapes. Their society is fragmented into many opposing
    noble house and merchant families, all scrambling for power. They
    believe that the strongest should rule and this is what their class
    system based on.

    黑暗精灵居住在幽暗的地底世界中的华丽城市, 他们擅长用石块, 各种矿物建立
    起一座座的建筑和神殿, 并用奇形怪状的雕刻及图腾来装饰这些建筑物. 他们的
    社会组织分成几个对立且常常争战的贵族或商务家庭. 他们相信强者才能统治世
    界, 这也是他们的建立社会阶级的基础.


    They worship a dark spider goddess called Lolth, and the priestesses of
    Lolth hold very high places in the society. The positions of great
    importance in the society are usually held by female drows, and the
    male drows were often used as cannon fodder among the house wars.

    黑暗精灵信仰一个叫 Lolth 的邪恶蜘蛛女神, Lolth 的大祭师在这个社会中的地
    位是最高且都由女性担任这个职位. 基本上来说, 黑暗精灵女性在这个社会中担
    任了大多数的重要职位及拥有所有的权力. 大部份的男性都是用来当做家族战争
    中的肉盾.

    Drows have great resistance against magic and poisions, but their
    resistance against cold and fire are weak due to the heritage. They
    gain the power from their evil goddess and thus suffers from the power
    of the good.

    黑暗精灵对魔法有相当强的抗力，也不怕毒素的侵袭，但是对火□和寒冷的抵抗
    力很差，黑暗精灵从他们所崇拜的邪神获得黑暗力量的保护，但是也有和魔族一
    样的弱点。

